.. _pydio:

pydio
-----

Secure File Sharing for business

Synopsis
~~~~~~~~


Thank you for using Pydio9 !
Comprehensive sync & share solution for your collaborators. Open-source software deployed on-premise or in a private cloud.

This is a Technology Preview, DO NOT USE IT IN PRODUCTION. Please refer to http://pydio9-tech-preview.readthedocs.io/ for
installation instructions, learning how to contribute, what to test, etc...

RUN
===
Run './pydio start' to load all services.

LOGS LEVEL
==========
By default, logs are outputed in console format at the Info level. You can set the PYDIO_LOGS_LEVEL environment variable
to one of the following values:
 - debug, info, error : logs are written in console format with the according level
 - production : logs are written in json format, for usage with a log aggregator tool.

SERVICES DISCOVERY
==================
Micro services need a registry mechanism to discover each other. By default, Pydio ships with Nats.io and Consul.io implementations.
You don't need to install any dependency. By default, Pydio uses the NATS implementation. You can switch to consul by using
the flag --registry=consul.



::

  pydio [flags]

Options
~~~~~~~

::

  -h, --help              help for pydio
      --registry string   Registry used to manage services (default "nats")

SEE ALSO
~~~~~~~~

* :ref:`pydio config <pydio_config>` 	 - Configuration Manager
* :ref:`pydio doc <pydio_doc>` 	 - Generate ReST documentation for this command
* :ref:`pydio list <pydio_list>` 	 - List all available micro services and their statuses
* :ref:`pydio start <pydio_start>` 	 - Start micro services
* :ref:`pydio stop <pydio_stop>` 	 - Stop one or more services
* :ref:`pydio version <pydio_version>` 	 - Display current version of this software

*Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 6-Dec-2017*
