.. _client_data:

client data
-----------

Commands for managing indexed data

Synopsis
~~~~~~~~


Commands for managing indexed data.

Data are indexed in the various data sources you may have defined, and aggregated into a unique tree by
the tree service. This command allows you to CRUD either directly the index of a given datasource, or query
directly the aggregated tree. By default, it queries the tree (service is pydio.grpc.data.tree), to query a datasource
directly, use --source=datasourcename (will point to service pydio.grpc.data.index.datasourcename)
In the first case (tree), folders paths are always prefixed with the datasource name. In the second case (datasource),
paths is the real path in the datasource.

See 'data list --help' for examples.


::

  client data [flags]

Options
~~~~~~~

::

  -h, --help            help for data
      --source string   Source where the data resides

Options inherited from parent commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

      --registry string   Registry used to manage services (default "nats")

SEE ALSO
~~~~~~~~

* :ref:`client <client>` 	 - Pydio Client application
* :ref:`client data benc-create <client_data_benc-create>` 	 - Client method for benchmarking node creates.
* :ref:`client data benc-stream-create <client_data_benc-stream-create>` 	 - Client method for benchmarking node creates using stream.
* :ref:`client data create <client_data_create>` 	 - Manually create a node in index
* :ref:`client data delete <client_data_delete>` 	 - [TODO] Delete a node in index
* :ref:`client data list <client_data_list>` 	 - List data indexed in Pydio
* :ref:`client data move <client_data_move>` 	 - [TODO] Move an existing node
* :ref:`client data read <client_data_read>` 	 - Reads information about an indexed node
* :ref:`client data tree-gen <client_data_tree-gen>` 	 - Generates file tree
* :ref:`client data version <client_data_version>` 	 - Manage files versioning

*Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 6-Dec-2017*
